When I went through difficult times during my childhood, Jehovah was like my father.
He was my refuge.
The first memory I have of my dad is when I went to visit him in the prison where he was being held.
I asked Jehovah so many times for my dad to come back home.
One day, my mom said,
Dad's coming home today.
I went to school and when I came back, he was there.
I thought he was finally back for good and that it would be forever.
But soon after that, I heard my mom and my grandmother crying.
And they started to explain that my dad was back in prison.
From then on, I felt hatred, resentment, and anger toward my dad and also towards Jehovah.
I started to take drugs to leading in moral and violent lifestyle.
One day, a couple of sisters gave me a magazine.
As I was looking through it, I saw the experience about Dustin.
I began to think about the times during my childhood when I would take refuge in Jehovah
and would feel the same way Dustin did.
I would say, Jehovah is there.
He hasn't abandoned me.
Dustin never doubted Jehovah's love right up until the day he died.
That very night, I prayed to Jehovah.
I asked him to forgive me because, well,
because it wasn't his fault.
That night, I poured out all my feelings through Jehovah.
That burden that I felt was finally gone.
I felt Jehovah's love every step of the way.
He showed it through the brothers who didn't judge me for what I had done.
It doesn't matter how many problems we have or how far we've drifted away from Jehovah.
He never abandoned us.